Add Example Workflow for `container-mod` (#70)
ubccr/ccr-examples: containers/1_Advanced/README.md

# Advanced Container Examples

## How to use

> This directory contains complex containerized application setups and workflow examples. Currently, the directory includes an example workflow demonstrating how to use [`container-mod`](https://github.com/ubccr/ccr-examples/tree/main/containers/1_Advanced/container-mod/README.md) at CCR. Please refer to CCR's [container documentation](https://docs.ccr.buffalo.edu/en/latest/howto/containerization/) for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains complex containerized application setups and workflow examples. Currently, the directory includes an example workflow demonstrating how to use [`container-mod`](https://github.com/ubccr/ccr-examples/tree/main/containers/1_Advanced/container-mod/README.md) on the CCR software environment. Please refer to CCR's [container documentation](https://docs.ccr.buffalo.edu/en/latest/howto/containerization/) for more information
```
